This video is not intricate or beautiful on its own, and it may not be that experimental or "boundary exploring" in the sense of digital media because similar things are not uncommon, and it is not even in the sense of "exploring the universe" because Saturn is neither a newly discovered nor a distant object. And it is an old video presenting some even older photographs. I don't even know why the platform shows it to me in this "experimental" category. So, I find it difficult to explain the reason why I still wanted to pick it, but I just did and decided that I would write about it. But I guess it can still be justified.

As disclaimed, it did not use CGIs but only real photographs to show Saturn. In this way it is a raw but interesting video. Apart from that, this video also shows some level of professionalism. Although the things it shows don't require an expert, people who don' t care about Saturn wouldn’t want to or know how to acquire them or how to arrange them to produce a good looking and visually shocking video. That said, this is a raw, interesting, professional, and good video.

Also, I believe my personal interest in space is one thing that resonates with this video. It's not that I am a professional in aerospace or I am very knowledgeable in this area, but at least I still like these. A close look at Saturn is something already tremendously wonderous and grandiose. I believe this is a feeling that many people share. It is large. It looks massive. It shocks people about the size of the universe. It has a huge and beautiful ring. It has several visible moons. These combined together make me feel something that is difficult to express. It is not just "this is beautiful" or "this is spectacular". I guess this is why people say space can be so attractive or even addictive.

On top of that, it is not like many other videos I found, which are dramatic, strange, or meaningless (to me). It is like, I don't believe something must be like that to become a good thing (literally anything), especially some "contemporary arts video" on that website. Or in other sense, this video becomes experimental when it shows something interesting in a restraint way while other videos express themselves aggressively. This makes me feel rather calm, instead of something weird or forced. I don't want to name those videos, but I simply cannot understand them. And sometimes I don't even like them, because they are nothing but loud noises.

In conclusion, this video is nothing fancy but is strangely more valuable than some other videos that are fancy. And perhaps this is what we need in this era of "fancy and noisy".